README.md, before:

# FreeCam (v0.0) for JC2-MP
**FreeCam** is a free/spectate camera module for the Just Cause 2 Multiplayer Mod.<br>
You can also add waypoints to a trajectory and let the camera follow that trajectory automatically (still in beta).<br>
It is also possible to save, load and delete these trajectories on the server which comes in handy to create checkpoints for races or borders for some area's.<br>


## Installation notes
It is required to run a JC2-MP server to run this script.
Go to the [jc-mp wiki page](http://wiki.jc-mp.com/Server) for more information on how to confingure your own server and put these FreeCam files in the 'scripts/' folder.<br>
Look into the 'shared/Config.lua' file to change some settings.<br>
Type (re/un)load freecam into the server console  to (re/un)load this module.<br>

## Usage
- Press V while in game to enter the FreeCam mode
- Press V again to exit and if the teleport option is set in Config.lua, the player will be teleported to that specific location
- Making trajectories:
    - numpad1: reset trajectory
    - numpad2/left mouse click: add waypoint to current trajectory
    - numpad3: start/stop auto follow trajectory mode (starting from the first waypoint)
    - numpad4: start/stop auto follow trajectory mode (starting from current camera position)
    - P: pause the auto follow trajectory mode
    - Type /freecam &lt;save/load/delete&gt; &lt;trajectory_name&gt; in the chat

Commit message:

minor fixes and gamepad support improvement

README.md, after:

# FreeCam (v0.1) for JC2-MP
**FreeCam** is a free/spectate camera module for the Just Cause 2 Multiplayer Mod.<br>
You can also add waypoints to a trajectory and let the camera follow that trajectory automatically (still in beta).<br>
It is also possible to save, load and delete these trajectories on the server which comes in handy to create checkpoints for races or borders for some area's.<br>


## Installation notes
It is required to run a JC2-MP server to run this script.
Go to the [jc-mp wiki page](http://wiki.jc-mp.com/Server) for more information on how to confingure your own server and put these FreeCam files in the 'scripts/' folder.<br>
Look into the 'shared/Config.lua' file to change some settings.<br>
Type (re/un)load freecam into the server console  to (re/un)load this module.<br>

## Usage
- Press V while in game to enter the FreeCam mode
- Use SHIFT to speedup, CTRL to slow down or Increase/Decrease trust on gamepad
- Press V again to exit and if the teleport option is set in Config.lua, the player will be teleported to that specific location
- Making trajectories:
    - numpad1/gamepad X: reset trajectory
    - numpad2/left mouse click/gamepad A: add waypoint to current trajectory
    - numpad3/gamepad B: start/stop auto follow trajectory mode (starting from the first waypoint)
    - numpad4: start/stop auto follow trajectory mode (starting from current camera position)
    - P: pause the auto follow trajectory mode
    - Type /freecam &lt;save/load/delete&gt; &lt;trajectory_name&gt; in the chat
